[Music]
good morning guys and welcome to this
week's video I am quite excited because
I'm going to be filming a what I eat in
a week I haven't made one of these
before but I love to watch them myself
because you get a bunch of recipe
inspiration so yesterday I sat down in
my computer and I planned out the week
what I'm going to be eating and we went
to the supermarket and I have never ever
bought as much groceries in my life and
the reason for that is because we just
moved into our new place here in Sydney
and there is no supermarket Market close
by so it takes us 30 minutes to walk to
the supermarket and we even brought like
a stroller with us it's like a specific
stroller to carry your groceries I've
always wanted to buy groceries for the
whole week instead of going to the
supermarket almost every single day like
we usually do so I felt like this was
the perfect opportunity to plan and prep
for the whole week and today it's Monday
so I wanted to pick up the camera so I
can document everything that I will be
making in this kitchen but first I'm
going to show you guys all of the
groceries that we bought yesterday okay
this took me a minute because we had
already put everything into you know the
cabinets but I really wanted to show you
guys so we have a lot of fruits and
veggies we bought a bunch of avocados
because they they are so delicious and
then some eggs of course some protein we
have ground beef and chicken and then
for dairy we have some feta some butter
cottage cheese and Greek yogurt some
more vegetables and herbs and then over
here we have a mix of some different
things we have some coconut water
coconut milk some beans olive oil
chicken stock p pasta we have some
peanut butter cashew butter
sauerkraut and then they had a little
snack bar and these are chocolate
covered almonds and yeah that's about
[Music]
it I just put everything back into the
cabinets and the refrigerator and now
it's time to make some breakfast and I
wanted to make something quite simple
because we wanted to go out out for a
run so I have some Greek yogurt that
looks like Ben and& Jerry's don't you
think and I just wanted to make a quick
little yogurt bowl with some granola and
some berries we also bought some organic
frozen blueberries and some sourdough
rye bread and I think I'm going to make
a little compot with some berries to put
in the yogurt Bowl
[Music]
I added some cashew butter and some hemp
seeds for a little garnish
[Music]
I am making omelette today and it's not
just a regular omelette because this one
has a
zucchini I usually never cook anything
with zucchini but I saw this recipe
online and I thought why not try it out
and I'm not going to give any spoilers
but it was really really good and it's
super easy to make I also made
electrolytes drink with some coconut
water lime juice some salt and water
it's my go-to drink at the moment and to
spice up my omelette I added some
sriracha and Parmesan it's time to taste
the zucchini omelette I am so excited
because I'm I am very
hungry
m m okay yum it's a bit spicy and it's
actually quite simple to make
[Music]
it's time to make dinner and I will by
the way link some of these recipes down
below so it's easy for you guys to find
them on today's menu we are making lemon
chicken orzo soup and I am very excited
to try this one out I love soups and
chicken soups especially with some orzo
I think it's going to be amazing
so we are going to need some celery and
carrots and of course some chicken and I
bought some organic chicken breasts I've
been trying to buy more organic and the
pasta and I tried to find Oro but they
didn't have it this was the closest one
I could find and I hope it's going to be
similar
[Music]
okay guys
Moment of
Truth okay yum mhm this reminds me of
like the alphabet soup you would like
eat when you were younger is that a good
thing or a bad thing I think it's a good
thing it's like a comfort I mean but
elevated with more veggies
mhm oh my this is really really good
for breakfast today we are making
protein pancakes and these are super
simple to make you only need a banana an
egg and some protein powder I'm going to
double my recipe because I'm also making
for hel so I'm going to be mashing two
bananas into my bowl
[Music]
the weather is really nice so we decided
to eat our breakfast out on the balcony
and I am so excited to eat this stack of
pancakes I added some blueberries and
Greek yogurt and I think it's going to
be really good
[Music]
I'm going to go on a little walk get
some steps in get some fresh air and
some sun and I'm going to bring my
journal with me in case if I want to sit
down maybe buy some
coffee and write in my journal that's
one of my New Year's resolutions I feel
like I always want to start writing more
in my journal but this year I'm going to
make it
[Music]
happen for lunch I'm making a a sweet
potato chickpeas salad so I'm starting
by cutting my sweet potato into cubes
and adding some seasoning and olive oil
and I'm adding two cans of chickpeas on
a baking tray with some olive oil lots
of seasoning moving on to my kale I'm
giving it a good massage and I highly
recommend doing the same because it
makes such a big difference apparently
it breaks down the tough fibers which
makes it it easier to digest and also
enhances the flavor these
chickpeas are so addicting they're so
crispy I'm just waiting for the quinoa
to be ready so I can assemble the salad
but I just keep on snacking on
[Music]
these look at all of the these beautiful
colors the salad is really good you
could easily make a dressing with some
tahini and olive oil and stuff but I
don't have any tahini I forgot to buy it
but I massaged the kale with vinegar
lemon and all kinds of goodness so I
feel like it doesn't really need any
dressing because the salad is already
very flavorful and
yummy I'm just watching some YouTube
videos while eating my salad and later
this evening we are actually going to
have dinner with our friends Rob and
Selena we're going to an Italian
restaurant and I think we are going to
go pretty early because we wanted to
have a little stroll in the city and
maybe shoot some Instagram pictures
[Music]
good morning guys I am having breakfast
and yesterday I meal prepped some chia
pudding it's super simple and convenient
if you are on the go and just want to
have something quick for breakfast it's
basically chia seeds and I put some
coconut milk protein powder vanilla
extract and a little bit of maple syrup
for a bit of sweetness and then I just
shake the jar to make sure everything is
blend it together and I put it into the
fridge overnight and the next day it's
ready to enjoy I have these delicious
nectarines that I'm going to slice on
top of my chia
[Music]
pudding breakfast is served I had some
left over coconut cream so I added a
little bit of that and I sprinkled some
hemp seeds and a little bit of raw honey
and I'm not kidding guys this is
actually really good I haven't tried
many variations of different fruits we
tried with some strawberries some time
ago and I didn't like that as much but
with the nectarines and the raw honey I
don't know like the combination is
really good m
[Music]
I am quite excited to share with you
guys today's lunch recipe
so it's butter beans and cherry tomatoes
and of course some garlic that I'm going
to heat in a pan and then we put it on
toast with some cottage cheese and
Basilica and olive oil and it is
incredible I hope you guys will try this
out
[Music]
while I'm making lunch hel went to a
cafe to buy some coffee because we don't
have a coffee machine in this apartment
which is so tragic because I love my
coffee and when we rented out this
apartment we thought there would be a
coffee machine because the lady sent
pictures of the kitchen and there was a
coffee machine there but I had a weird
feeling so I texted her before we were
about to move in in and she told me that
it broke the same morning and apparently
it's at the repair shop but I'm not very
optimistic somehow I don't know if we
would need to buy a French press or a
mocha pot or something so we can make
some coffee while we're here but yeah
for now we've just been going to this
Cafe it takes about 10 or 13 minutes to
walk there but the coffee is really good
so it's actually worth it hel is here
with coffee
wo
[Music]
Yay good mhm very fresh because of the
tomatoes and the beans are so good m
[Music]
there is a thunderstorm outside and lots
of lightnings going
off this is something that hel and I are
not very used to in Iceland we barely
get any
thunderstorms but we are making some
dinner or at least H is making dinner
and I'm on snack Duty I'm
making my all-time favorite snack it's
Med dates with some peanut butter and
I'm going to put some dark chocolate and
put it in the fridge and it's the best
thing in the world ooh looks so good
what are you making tonight I'm making a
taco bowl it's very easy to make easy to
assemble High protein hopefully
delicious as well so yeah I'm
[Music]
excited okay guys this is so yummy it's
been a while since since we made a taco
bowl but it just reminded me that we
need to make it more often so good
mhm good morning today I'm making a
papaya bowl for breakfast with a little
twist I added some coconut yogurt and it
was really good I sprinkled some
sprinkled I drizzled some raw honey and
enjoyed while watching some YouTube
videos and now I'm getting ready because
I'm meeting my friend Elina we're having
lunch and catching up and I'm really
excited to see her
[Music]
I am back home back in the kitchen it
was so lovely catching up with Elina she
is just the sweetest she got me these
stickers from her brand Studio Sony and
I am so so excited to put these on my
journal I mean they are just so cute on
my way back home I bought some
broccolini and I'm going to roast some
chicken thighs in the oven with some
lemon and garlic and parsley and since I
bought a lot of sweet potatoes in the
beginning of this week I'm going to make
a sweet potato mash feel like it's going
to pair well with this dish and it's
also super yummy
[Music]
oh my goodness the skin on the chicken
is amazing and I'm honestly so proud of
this dish because I had this Vision in
my head and somehow I was able to create
this masterpiece okay I'm kidding but I
basically like tick toed how to cook
broccolini how to cook sweet potato mash
and also with a chicken thighs so I'm
really excited to dig in I think it's
going to taste amazing and hel is here
he's going to eat it with me I'm always
a bit worried when I'm chicken but I
think it's properly cooked okay this is
very good this is going to stay in the
rotation
[Music]
yeah ah it felt so good going out for a
run and the weather is amazing I was
listening to a podcast the skinny
confidential him and her show and it's a
podcast with Tony Robins and wow that
man is just full of wisdom I actually
own a book by him Awakening the giant
within or something but I haven't read
it I actually should because he is
incredible for breakfast today I'm going
to make avocado toast and scrambled EGS
but first I'm going to go and take a
shower
[Music]
I was trying to spice things up with the
avocado toast and also the scrambled
eggs but I added some honey and chili
and lemon for more
flavor the scrambled eggs are very good
with the tomatoes Basilica and Parmesan
[Music]
by it's been a while since I made
something with halumi so I thought we
could make a little wrap today with some
veggies and satii even though we don't
have everything to make satii but we'll
just improvise with what we have and
it's probably going to be super yummy
[Music]
helis looks a lot better than
mine looks very good mhm
cheers it's good I like it halumi is so
good I think we need to go outside mhm
and enjoy this beautiful weather maybe
chill and read a book
uhuh oh my
[Music]
it's dinner time and tonight we are
cooking one of my favorite homecooked
meals steak with roasted potatoes
asparagus and peppercorn sauce it's
funny because we never used to cook
steak because we thought it would be too
complicated but I'm telling you guys it
is actually very simple once you learn
it and honestly this has become one of
our go-to dishes during the weekends
because you can easily mix up the
vegetables or make a different sauce but
the pepper corn is definitely our
favorite the potatoes are so delicious I
bought the ones that have like the
purple
skin I don't know but these are
incredible and also the peppercorn sauce
turned out so good
I have to try it
[Music]
out I hope you guys enjoyed watching and
maybe got some recipe
inspiration please let me know if you
would like to see another video like
this thank you so much for watching and
I will see you next week bye
what